#summary A list of magic spells

= Spell List =

This is a list of all spells in the plugin. Click on a spell to learn more about the spell and its configuration options. Spells marked (NYI) are not yet implemented, but will be released in a future version.

== Meta Spells ==

These spells are command-based spells that affect the plugin itself. You'll probably want to always have these available, otherwise players won't be able to use the plugin properly.

 * [ListSpell list] - Lists the player's currently known spells.
 * [HelpSpell help] - Shows information about the specified spell.
 * [TeachSpell teach] - Teaches another player a spell.
 * [SpellbookSpell spellbook] - Turns a bookcase into a spellbook that can teach players a specified spell when clicked.
 * [ForgetSpell forget] - Causes a player to forget a spell.
 * [BindSpell bind] - Binds a spell to a custom wand item.

== Command Spells ==

These are spells that must be typed using the /cast command. The meta spells above are also considered command spells.

 * [MarkSpell mark] - Marks your current location for later recall.
 * [RecallSpell recall] - Teleports you to your marked location.

== Instant Spells ==

These are spells that are cast instantly. They are often targeted, and generally do not have any lasting effects after being cast. These can be cast either by using the `/cast` command or by swinging a configurable casting wand.

 * [BlinkSpell blink] - Teleports you to your target location.
 * [CombustSpell combust] - Sets the target enemy on fire.
 * [ConfusionSpell confusion] (NYI) - Causes nearby monsters to attack each other.
 * [EntombSpell entomb] - Traps the target enemy in glass.
 * [ExplodeSpell explode] - Causes an explosion at your target location.
 * [FireballSpell fireball] - Throws a fireball.
 * [FirenovaSpell firenova] (NYI) - Sets all nearby enemies on fire.
 * [ForcepushSpell forcepush] - Pushes all enemies away from you.
 * [HealSpell heal] - Heal a target player.
 * [LightningSpell lightning] - Calls down lightning at your target location.
 * [PrayerSpell prayer] - Heals yourself.
 * [PurgeSpell purge] - Kills all nearby monsters and animals.
 * [TelekinesisSpell telekinesis] - Activate buttons and switches from far away.
 * [VolleySpell volley] - Fires a volley of arrows at the targeted area.
 * [WallSpell wall] - Creates a wall to block your enemies.
 * [ZapSpell zap] - Destroys the target block.

== Buff Spells ==

These are spells that you cast on yourself to give yourself enhancements. They generally have a duration or number of uses. These can be cast by either using the `/cast` command or by swinging a configurable casting wand.

 * [DeathwalkSpell deathwalk] (NYI)- Death surrounds you.
 * [FireresistSpell fireresist] (NYI) - Resist fire damage.
 * [FlamewalkSpell flamewalk] - Burn enemies around you as you walk.
 * [FrostwalkSpell frostwalk] - Freeze water as you walk across it.
 * [GillsSpell gills] - Lets you breath underwater.
 * [InvulnerabilitySpell invulnerability] - Makes you invulnerable to damage.
 * [LifewalkSpell lifewalk] - Flowers bloom in your footsteps.
 * [LightwalkSpell lightwalk] (NYI) - Light your path as you walk.
 * [SafefallSpell safefall] - Allows you to fall without taking damage.
 * [StealthSpell stealth] (NYI) - Makes you invisible to monsters.
 * [StonevisionSpell stonevision] (NYI) - See through stone.
 * [SummonSpell summon] (NYI) - Summons a monster to fight for you.
 * [VanishSpell vanish] (NYI) - Become invisble.
 * [WindwalkSpell windwalk] - Walk on a platform of air (well, glass).